hello everybody and welcome to a book
hole I know we're thinking you're
thinking the same thing I'm thinking
you're thinking but Coco girl yeah let's
see what she got let's see what she
bought
maybe you're not that excited but I'm
that excited because I've got some
really cool books as you know I'm not a
bit of a book buying ban not completely
cold turkey because that's just no fun
so I actually only bought one of these
books all the other ones are gift full
my to turn down gifts from my friends
you know Who am I to do that I'm not and
maybe most excitedly I have two unknowns
two gifts from my best friend forever
Charlotte from Shara's new chapter so I
will be over these at the end and I'm so
unbelievably excited yeah sir but the to
why a books both gifts from my dad the
first one he just randomly sign a book
store and thought I'd like it he bought
it and he called me up he's like Ariel I
just bought you this book called speak
have you ever heard of it I was like you
mean the one by Laurie Halse Anderson
yes I have is this quite a popular book
in why egg culture it's about a girl who
gets raped and it's about how she deals
with that and how she kind of doesn't
deal with it but by becoming stronger
and believing in herself and trying to
push through this she learns how to
speak speak out title tie-in actually
already started this book because I was
so excited about it and it's amazing so
far it's the kind of book yeah just have
to sticky note because you just like you
read a phrase and you're just like my
core my core it's been affected the next
book he got me was please ignore varied
diet by a s king this is kind of her
more famous work I cannot wait I loved
everybody Susie ants it's absolutely one
of my new favorite books of all time and
I really think this will be - it's about
a girl whose best friend dies in the way
that she deals with that and I just
think it's gonna be so powerful and good
the next book oh my god is so exciting I
was introduced to this author in high
school when I was made to read one of
his books and it instantly became one of
my favorite classics while looking about
I found this and the second I saw it I
knew I had to have it it is shooting an
elephant and other essays by George
Orwell who wrote Animal Farm in 1980 for
her little glimpse the title sa shooting
an elephant is but his time working as a
soldier in Burma found himself in the
situation where he had to shoot an
elephant even the elephant wasn't doing
anything wrong he had to do it but he
wouldn't look a fool in front of all of
these people that were watching him he
shot this elephant and he regrets it
that story is just so real to me
and I've already started it and oh my
god I literally had this moment I'm not
hitting I'm not making this up this is
not a lie I was laying on my bed reading
this and said out loud oh my god this is
so good to no one just to myself because
oh my god that's just so good I am so
happy to have this first of all I've
never read a collection of short stories
or essays and I'm loving the format
every little story is another glimpse
into this man's mind and I love it and
just oh I think George Orwell might be
my favorite writer right now oh my god I
said that but it might be true it might
be true okay guys the last book before I
open my gifts of excitement is a
children's book I actually already own
this children's book but it's packed
away in storage and we can't find it and
my dad was in such a mood to read it him
an adult because it's such a good book
it is go dog go by P D Eastman if you're
looking for a good picture book for
yourself or for a child pick up go dog
go it is it's so good for example hello
hello do you like my hat I do not good
bye good bye
no you know what the illustrations are
gorgeous the writing is fantastic I love
this book I love this book and I'm so
glad to own it again where I can
actually just pick it up whenever I want
okay peeps it's the moment we've all
been waiting for I am so excited to open
these I also got a letter along
with it so it's just a package of
excitement already everybody oh oh my
god I'm so nervous I'm so excited I'm so
excited oh my god I've never heard of
this book so exciting I love when you
never know about a book the Yellow
Wallpaper and other writings by
Charlotte Perkins Gilman feminist short
stories it's got short stories this is
great
like I said I'm reading shooting an
elephant and I'm loving that it's in
short stories and so this is gonna be
great
cool okay the next book I just I want to
read that right now it's the Forever War
by Joe how men the book depository never
gives me bookmarks Cheryl actually asked
me for a list of books that I've been
interested in and this it's a book that
I've been interested in James from pure
dragon 100 once recommended to me
Ender's Game and I loved it he
recommended this book in one of his
videos and I just had to have it because
it's another science fiction I have
really wanted this charlotte charlotte
also your name's Charlotte and Charlotte
wrote this book now I need to open the
letter how do you open letters oh my god
first of all let me just say Charlotte
has beautiful writing she says that she
didn't get me any why a because she saw
my video about the why a bubble and I
love that because it's so true these are
two genres that I had can branch into
she said she hates the cover for this I
kind of like it it's pretty it's like
watercolors I don't know it just feels
like the kind of book that I should
drink tea with you know she said that
she's reading this in her literature
class and that she's loving it so that
she thought I'd loved it too which is so
beautiful that is what book sharing is
about it's about reading a book or
reading a story that you would love and
wanting to share that with someone that
you love Charlotte this means so much to
me I just wanna
I just want to hug you for like a solid
five minutes and say thank you so much I
hope that you guys enjoyed this video I
got some really cool books and honestly
I think that these are the next books
that I'm gonna read I don't even want to
branch into something I just want to
read these I just want to read these I'm
so excited
if you've read any of these books or you
think any of these books sound cool or
have any questions about these books
please ask me down in the comments I'd
love to discuss them and yeah like I
said Charlotte thank you so much thanks
to my dad for buying me the books just
thank you thank you to people who write
books and let me read them because
honestly lately I've been having a great
reading run and I'm just loving
literature I'm just loving books right
now I hope that you guys have enjoyed
this video and I will see you in the
next one